.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/roadmap-item.md, before:

---
name: Roadmap Item
about: This is standard Parity Roadmap item description
title: Feature Title
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Remove this section and replace the \<text> with your own description**

1. Create your roadmap card with this template.
2. Once created it will be in "Draft" status and not shown in the roadmap, after review you can set the status on "Open" and it will be visible in our roadmap board.

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

# The Vision

\<Describe here what this milestone is about and what the bigger picture is. Give a bit of background information where this comes from.
Describe why this milestone is relevant and what goals it accomplishes.>



# The Plan
\<What steps are needed to realise the vision?> 

# Open Questions
_If you want to help us out and contribute to this issue, in this section you can find open questions and tasks where we would appreciate any input._

\<Leave open questions or tasks where the community could help>

---

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Remove this section**

3. If you don't have so far, create your own project where related sub-tasks will be assigned to it. 
4. Create in your project a new field called "Milestone in Parity Roadmap".
5. Assign this issue to your project and link every other related issue (sub-tasks) of your project that is part of the realisation of this milestone to the appropriate option on your new field.
6. Create a new view on your project and set a filter for your new field where you can find all related tasks to your milestone.
7. Paste the link of your new view in the space holder below.

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here you can find the board with specific sub-tasks to this milestone:
\<Link to your project's view>

Commit message:

Update issue templates
As GH now provides a tasklist which creates a relation between tasks and subtasks, we can get rid off the workaround that we implemented back then

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/roadmap-item.md, after:

---
name: Roadmap Item
about: This is standard Parity Roadmap item description
title: Milestone Title
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Remove this section and replace the \<text> with your own description**

1. Create your roadmap card with this template.
2. Once created it will be in "Draft" status and not shown in the roadmap, after review you can set the status on "Open" and it will be visible in our roadmap board.

✄ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

# The Vision

\<Describe here what this milestone is about and what the bigger picture is. Give a bit of background information where this comes from.
Describe why this milestone is relevant and what goals it accomplishes.>



# The Plan
\<What steps are needed to realise the vision?> 
_Use Github Tasklist in order to create issues related to this milestone. Update the Tasklist once in a while if new issues arise by time._

# Open Questions
_If you want to help us out and contribute to this issue, in this section you can find open questions and tasks where we would appreciate any input._

\<Leave open questions or tasks where the community could help>

---
